docs(design): add latency definition, records service and visualization (#106)
tier4/CARET_doc: docs/design/latency_definitions/publisher.md

# Publisher

> `Publisher`-based object provides a set of timestamps when publishing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Publisher`-based object provides a set of timestamps collected during message publish.
```

> A simplified sequence diagram focusing only on the relevant data flow is shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A simplified sequence diagram focusing only on the relevant events is shown below.
```

```plantuml
@startuml
title: Definition of major tracepoints

participant UserCode
participant rclcpp
participant rcl
participant rmw
participant DDS
participant LTTng

-> UserCode : callback_start
activate UserCode
UserCode -> rclcpp: publish()
activate rclcpp

rclcpp -> LTTng: sample rclcpp_intra_publish
rclcpp -> LTTng: sample message_construct
rclcpp -> LTTng: sample rclcpp_publish

rclcpp -> rcl: rcl_publish()
activate rcl

rcl -> LTTng: sample rcl_publish

rcl -> rmw: rmw_publish()
activate rmw

rmw -> LTTng: sample dds_write

rmw -> DDS: dds_write()
activate DDS
DDS -> LTTng: sample bind_addr_to_addr
DDS -> LTTng: sample bind_addr_to_stamp

DDS -> rmw
deactivate DDS

rmw -> rcl
deactivate rmw

rcl -> rclcpp
deactivate rcl

rclcpp -> UserCode
deactivate rclcpp

<- UserCode : callback_end
deactivate UserCode
@enduml
```

> `to_dataframe` API returns following columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`to_dataframe` API returns a table which has the following columns.
```
